Adding a customized Icon to a Resource (#674)
api-platform/docs: admin/handling-relations-to-collections.md

}
```

## Customizing an Icon

> Now that our `authors` property it's displaying the name instead of an 'id', let change the icon shown in the list menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that our `authors` property is displaying the name instead of an 'id', let's change the icon shown in the list menu.
```

> Just add an import statement from `@material-design` for adding the icon, in this case, a user icon:

Reviewer: material-ui?

`import UserIcon from '@material-ui/icons/People';`

and add it to the `authors.icon` property

The code for just customizing the icon will be:

```javascript
import React, { Component } from 'react';
import { AdminBuilder, hydraClient } from '@api-platform/admin';
import parseHydraDocumentation from '@api-platform/api-doc-parser/lib/hydra/parseHydraDocumentation';
import UserIcon from '@material-ui/icons/People';

const entrypoint = 'https://demo.api-platform.com';

export default class extends Component {
  state = { api: null }

  componentDidMount() {
    parseHydraDocumentation(entrypoint).then(({api}) => {

> 

Reviewer: Line to remove.
